Understanding the Portal
========================

The |post| section of the ACCEPT Portal is used both to manage and work on projects.

Project types
-------------

Two types of projects exist: *internal* and *external* projects. Internal projects are projects whose tasks are visible by registered Portal users. External projects are projects whose tasks can be accessed by users who are not registered. For instance, if the goal of a project is to collect edits in an environment where the actual translated content resides, an **external** project would be suitable.

It is also possible to define how the edits will be collected in a given projects. If the goal of the project is to compare how multiple users edit the same text, then the default project configuration should be used. On the other hand, if the goal of the project is to collect edits in a **collaborative** manner, then the :guilabel:`Collaborative Project` option should be checked when creating a project. This option allows a user to see the edits provided by a previous user. Since collaborative projects could generate editing conflicts if two users were to edit the same segment at the same time, a :guilabel:`Max. Locking Period` value can be specified (in the form HH:MM:SS).


Managing projects
-----------------

Inviting users
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

Once an **internal** Post-Editing project is created, project administrators can invite users to take part in post-editing projects by by clicking the :guilabel:`Manage Project` link and entering their email addresses. An email will then be sent to the selected users, with a link to the project page. If the user is not registered with the ACCEPT portal, they will have to register first.

Invitations to **external** Post-Editing project do not trigger any email generation process since user names can be generated by on-the-fly.

.. _postEditTask:

Working on internal tasks
-------------------------

Once invited users have registered with the ACCEPT Portal, they are presented with a list of tasks to work on. Once these tasks are completed, they disappear from the project page. Users can start working on a task by clicking its task ID. Once the task ID is clicked, the post-editing window appears based on the configuration that was specified by the project administrator. All user actions are saved automatically (e.g. segment-level comments, segment changes), but users are able to use the Undo and Redo functionality when editing segments. Users can close the window even if a task is not completed. This will stop the global time count until the window is opened again. A task can be closed for good at any moment by the user (after being prompted to confirm their choice). Task examples are available in the :ref:`postEditDemos` section.

Checking progress
-----------------

Project administrators can check the progress of tasks by clicking the :guilabel:`Check Project Tasks Status` link.



